If you look at the prompt, we are currently in the root directory of our hard disk drive, if you type
CD followed by Enter, you will change to your home directory, which you can identify by the tool.
If you type CD forward slash without a pass and press enter, you will change to the root directory
from the root directory.
I want to change to the FTC directory now.
The Etsy directory is a local passed name.
It is of the root.
The change is reflected in our prompt from the Etsy directory.
I would like to change to the PM directory that is a local path name CD back to home.
If I wanted to change from my home directory to the CPM directory, I would need to specify the absolute
Pathé CD, slash the root Etsy, slash PMB.
If I type CD to change directress leave a space followed by two periods, I will go back to the parent
directory.
In this case, the parent directory of RPM is Etsy.
We are now back in the Etsy directory.
If I type CD, leave Espace followed by hyphen, I will change to the previous directory.
The previous directory we were located Etsy PM.
If I type CD Space Hafen I will go back to etsi CD all on its own will take us back to home if I type
CD.
Hafen what was the previous directory we were in etsi on back in EBC CD Halfon.
It's very useful for switching between two directories.
In my home directory.
I have a directory called a it's not CD slash a the minute I add a slash after CD, I need to specify
the absolute path name.
That is the path name from the Roots.
No such file or directory.
I need to specify a local pathing CD.
A If I wanted to specify the absolute path name to a CD, slash my route home my user a that is the
local path name CDK versus the absolute path name where I specify the path from the Roots CD Slash will
take us to our route directory from the root.
I want to change to the VA directory.
VA is just off the route.
I don't need to specify slash.
It is a local path name from VA.
I'd like to change to the log directory.
It's a local Pathé CD space followed by two periods will take us back to the parent directory.
What is the parent directory of log?
It is VA CD all on its own.
Takes us back to our home directory.
If I wanted to change to the VA log directory from my home directory, there is no VA directory in my
home directory.
Slash VA is indicating it is off the route.
So if I typed Kadivar slash log, there is no such directory in my home directory to change from my
home directory directly to VA slash log, I need to specify the absolute path name.
Let's look at the commands that we have covered in the lecture lists is used to list the contents of
a directory.
There are two flags that I would like you to make note of.
Hyphen A is to display all files and directories, including hidden files and hidden directories.
Hyphen L for a long list to change to your home directory.
The command is code to change to a specific directory.
You can use the absolute path name or the local POS name, absolute path name it CD Forward Slash followed
by the absolute POS if you are using a local post.
Could leave a space followed by the local path to change to the parent directory, could leave a space
to periods to change to the previous current directory, could leave a space followed by a hyphen at
this stage.
You may be feeling a little lost.
You may be concerned that you don't have access to a limbic system to practice these commands.
Don't worry about it at this stage.
When we log onto our server, all of the commands I've shown you in this lecture, we will type and
I will guide you step by step.